Add guidance to the membership application process (#348)
hyphacoop/handbook: Hypha-Worker-Co-operative/member-application.md

## Membership at Hypha
In a worker co-operative, members are sometimes referred to as “member-owners” because the members collectively own their co-operative.

Hypha is incorporated as a non-share capital co-operative, which means that we do not have shares and so there is nothing tangible to “own” at Hypha, but being a member means sharing in the responsibility and ownership of the business itself even if you do not own a quantifiable portion of the company.

> Throughout your membership probationary period, you will likely get practice wearing multiple hats as you work in your practice area and contribute to an internal working group. Stepping into membership means adding a much bigger hat - it’s time to be an owner of the business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout your membership probationary period, you will practice wearing multiple 'hats' as you work in your practice area and contribute to an internal working group. Stepping into membership means adding a much bigger hat - it’s time to be an owner of the business.
```

## Wearing different hats
One of the challenges of moving from employment to membership is having to maintain two (or more) different relationships with the co-operative. 

### As an employee

> As an employee, you should be concerned about completing your work, growing in your career, and making sure that your compensation and benefits are appropriate for how much you contribute to the company. In non-co-op workplaces and in your membership probationary period, you are probably accustomed to operating like an employee and thinking about questions such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an employee, you should be concerned about completing your work, growing in your career, and making sure that your compensation and benefits are appropriate for how much you contribute to the co-op. In non-co-op workplaces and in your membership probationary period, you are probably accustomed to operating like an employee and thinking about questions such as:
```

* Is my job clearly defined and am I being given the necessary resources to do it?
* Am I being given opportunities to grow in my career?
* Is my overall compensation package fair?

### As a member 
Being the co-owner of a business comes with a lot of uncertainty - there is no one managing you or taking responsibility for choices that will impact your business and livelihood. It’s all on you and your peers. The flip-side of this is that being an owner means you also have enormous agency and control over your workplace and the direction it takes. This increase in uncertainty is not something everyone wants or appreciates, and it’s something you should think deeply about before choosing to apply for membership.

> As a member (and thus an owner and employer), you will need to be concerned with the wellbeing of all your employees, the strategic direction of the business, the company’s financial state, and more. Membership means continuing to think critically about your “employee concerns” while also becoming your own employer, with the agency to work with your fellow members to make Hypha a better place to be employed. It means stepping one level up and being the owner of a business, thinking about questions such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a member (and thus an owner and employer), you will need to be concerned with the wellbeing of all your employees, the strategic direction of the business, the co-op’s financial state, and more. Membership means continuing to think critically about your “employee concerns” while also becoming your own employer, with the agency to work with your fellow members to make Hypha a better place to be employed. It means stepping one level up and being the owner of a business, thinking about questions such as:
```
